---
layout: post
title:  "Patch Note : team 1"
date:   2017-12-04 21:15:05 +0000
image: /assets/images/laptop_red.jpg
---


This Page is Patch Note for Topic "Tetris" Team.<br><br>

> No one can resist from the desire to...<br>
> FILL IT UP!<br>
> *Titinis*<br>


### Tetris Patch Note List


__Patch Note <12/01>__<br>
*Ncurse*<br>
: Add Ncurse to visualization the border of block<br>
: Trying to get it from 2048 Team<br>
<br>
*Ncurse Fault*<br>
: Tetris Code cannot implement Border Line<br>
: The item is steadily move, can't adjust the function.<br>
<br>
*Block Rotation Implement*<br>
: Tetris is actually rotate 7 blocks!<br>
: Implement the issue<br>
: __Space Bar__ for down the block<br>

__Patch Note <12/04>__<br>
*Timer*<br>
: Can Change the Speed proportionally on Round Level.<br>
: ISSUE : can't be faster than 1 frame<br>
<br>
*Color Randomly*<br>
: 7 Color can't be beautiful. We want to make it visually.<br><br>

*Create Hold Function*<br>
: Tetris Have Hold function<br>
: Implement the function using key H<br>
: The block can use later<br>

__Patch Note <12/06>__<br>
*Bug Fix: Hold*<br>
: Hold makes block color always green<br><br>
: Ncurse color-reset is required for it.<br>

*Try : T spin*<br>
: Trying to Implement T spin function<br>
: T spin need at list 7 branches on implement<br>
: it makes collison with original system<br>
: Try to implement


__Patch Note <12/11>__<br>
*Drop Implementation : T spin*<br>
: T spin cannot be implemented in this system, we defined.<br><br>
 
*Combo Score Function*<br>
: Score bonus when combo occured<br>
: This system is originally for T-spin, but it vanished.<br>
: Hold function Change : Hold make loss of combo.<br>


__Patch Note <12/14>__<br>
*Bug fix*<br>
: Using Hold for 3 blocks rotationaly makes the block **CHANGE**.<br><br>
: also it make the block color changed.
: fixed it, by using queue for hold.

*Score Link*<br>
: Tetris Score send to Mother Program<br>

__Patch Note <12/16>__<br>
*Prepare for network*<br>
: Removing Line cause Adding Line of opponent<br><br>

*Prepare for network*<br>
: Duplicate the screen to see opponent's one<br>
: Can't open socket properly(no authorization)<br>
: ISSUE clear : Team 3 : Pakgage modify Makefile<br>


__Patch Note <12/18>__
*Error for Network and Hold*<br>
: if Hold occur, opponent saw it as wrong occur<br><br>

*NOT YET FIXED*<br>
: Hold function with network is now stopped<br>
: Looking for where to change<br>


### Aimed Goal
*Network Perfection*<br>
 : Correcting all the error in Hold, and Network<br>
 : We have to adjust window size for network.<br>
<br>

 __last updated 12/19__


