---
layout: post
title:  "PATCH NOTE : TEAM 2"
date:   2017-12-04 21:15:05 +0000
image: /assets/images/startup3.jpg
---

This Page is Patch Note for Topic "2048" Team.<br><br>


#### Patch Note <1>


> Make it doubble!<br>
> The more, the better.<br>
> *Old Sentence*<br>

*Ncurse Implement*
 :  We Implement Ncurse Library to make color and Line(box)<br>

*Patch : Line Maker*<br>
 Main Change<br>
 :	Line created between the numbers<br>
 :  Make Number Colored<br><br>


#### Patch Note <2>
 *Bug Fix*<br>
 : Error the number get out from the box fixed <br>
 : Error the box line become green fixed (wrong use of function colored())<br><br>

#### Patch Note <3>
 *More Implement*
 : Using getch(), make arrow works on the game.<br>
 : Error Fix - Screen out when the game sleep. (helped from team1)<br><br>

#### Patch Note <4>
 *Color Fixed*
 : Color is wrong when the arrow is not work(by Patch 3)<br>
 : Code motion : color changed after move, not after click.<br><br>

#### Patch Note <5>
 *More Implement*
 : Scoreboard create, not only for physical but using COMBO system<br>
 : Trying to connect mother program<br><br>

#### Patch Note <6>
 *Bug fix*
 : Error Occur : Score is become Zero<br>
 : It is due to the combo become minus by some error.(can't fine the position)<br>
 : Just Check every move the combo is positive.<br>

#### Patch Note <7>
 *File Linked Error / Directory Move*
 : Arrangement of the Codes and data - for visibility <br>
 : Error occur by path, so fix the Path as relative.<br><br>

### Aimed Goal
*Second version, Using 3 for base*<br>
 : Make User choose which can be base<br>
 : We have to adjust box size for it(more than 4 digit).<br>
<br>

*Not 4X4, moreXmore*<br>
 : Actual Application Support this function<br>
 : It will be hard to control TUI<br>

 __last updated 12/09__


